Add documentation on higher ulimit requirement for 3.6.0.0 (#6984)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/breaking-changes/36x.md

## General
If you are using `ngx.var.http_*` in custom code to access HTTP headers, the behavior of that variable changed slightly when the same header is used multiple times in a single request. Previously, it would return the first value only; now it returns all the values, separated by commas. {{site.base_gateway}}'s PDK header getters and setters work as before.

## Operating system requirements

> {{site.base_gateway}} 3.6 requires a higher [ulimit](https://linux.die.net/man/3/ulimit) to function properly. It will not start properly with a ulimit set to 1024 or lower. We recommend setting the ulimit for your operating system to at least 4096. 

Reviewer: This is inaccurate; `ulimit` is a tool to get and set limits -- it is not a limit per se. We want to say something like
```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} 3.6 requires a higher limit on the number of file descriptions to function properly. It will not start properly with a limit set to 1024 or lower. We recommend using `ulimit` on your operating system to set it to at least 4096 using `ulimit -n 4096`.
```

Reviewer: same applies to other places below

Reviewer: cc @lena-larionova
